Feature: Remove Implicit RHS Evaluation in Autonomous Problems With the Trivial Predictor (#495)
LLNL/sundials: doc/arkode/guide/source/Usage/User_callable.rst

   Specifies that the implicit portion of the problem is autonomous i.e., does
   not explicitly depend on time.

   When using an implicit or ImEx method with the trivial predictor, this option
   enables reusing the implicit right-hand side evaluation at the predicted
   state across stage solves within a step. This reuse reduces the total number
   of implicit RHS function evaluations.

   :param arkode_mem: pointer to the ARKODE memory block.
   :param autonomous: flag denoting if the implicit RHS function,
                      :math:`f^I(t,y)`, is autonomous (``SUNTRUE``) or
                      non-autonomous (``SUNFALSE``).

   :retval ARK_SUCCESS: the function exited successfully.
   :retval ARK_MEM_NULL: ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
   :retval ARK_ILL_INPUT: an argument had an illegal value.
   :retval ARK_STEPPER_UNSUPPORTED: implicit solvers are not supported by the
                                    current time-stepping module.

   .. warning::

      Results may differ when combining :c:func:`ARKodeSetAutonomous` with
      :c:func:`ARKodeSetDeduceImplicitRhs` and using a stiffly accurate method

>       with the trivial predictor as the deduced implicit right-hand side (RHS)

Reviewer: This sentence was overly long and difficult to digest.  
```suggestion
      with the trivial predictor.  This is because the deduced implicit right-hand side (RHS)
```

      value will be reused in the initial residual computation rather than

>       evaluating the implicit RHS function e.g.,
>       ``examples/arkode/C_serial/ark_brusselator.c``.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that I understand why a code example is used to support this statement.  Perhaps some explanation here would help, such as
```suggestion
      evaluating the implicit RHS function.  This issue can be seen in the example problem 
      ``examples/arkode/C_serial/ark_brusselator.c``, where (explain what happens).
```

Author: See [this comment below](https://github.com/LLNL/sundials/pull/495#discussion_r1613540758). I'll update this text with more details.

Author: I've updated this text (and added a comment in the example code) to clarify how this example be used to demonstrate the differences that can arise when combining `SetAutonomous` and `SetDedeuceImplicitRhs` with a stiffly accurate method.

      Similarly programs that save computations within the RHS function for
      reuse elsewhere will need to be updated to account for the RHS function
      reuse with :c:func:`ARKodeSetAutonomous`. For example,
      ``examples/arkode/C_serial/ark_KrylovDemo_prec.c`` reuses rates computed
      in the RHS function in the preconditioner setup. If
      :c:func:`ARKodeSetAutonomous` was enabled in this example, the rates saved
      initially would be from the RHS function evaluations used to determine the
      initial step size rather than the RHS evaluation in the nonlinear residual

>       with the predictor.

Reviewer: I anticipate that this statement will just confuse users.  How are they to know that they are reusing too-old of RHS values in their routines, and is this really a problem?  Some clear guidance on this is needed.  

For example, "Care must be taken in user-supplied functions that utilize stored values of the implicit RHS function (:c:type:`ARKLsJacFn`, :c:func:`ARKLsLinSysFn`, :c:func:`ARKLsJacTimesVecFn`, :c:func:`ARKLsJacTimesSetupFn`, :c:func:`ARKLsPrecSetupFn`, :c:func:`ARKLsPrecSolveFn`).  In these functions, the input vector of RHS function evaluations may come from a significantly earlier phase of the simulation than the current implicit solve (e.g., determination of the initial step size).  For problems where this may be problematic, we recommend that the user-supplied function re-evaluate the implicit RHS function internally when using :c:func:`ARKodeSetAutonomous`."

Author: > input vector of RHS function evaluations may come from a significantly earlier phase of the simulation than the current implicit solve

The RHS input to the functions listed will still be consistent with the state input to these functions.

The problem in the KrylovDemo example is that the "user" assumes that the nonlinear residual will be called and will evaluate the RHS before the preconditioner setup is called. Based on this assumption, the user's RHS functions saves the rates computed in the RHS and reuses them in the preconditioner setup. Enabling `SetAutonomous` breaks this assumption. For this example, the solution is the user should not save these values but instead evaluate the rates with the state input to the preconditioner setup.

   .. warning::

      Results may differ when enabling both :c:func:`ARKodeSetAutonomous` and
      :c:func:`ARKodeSetDeduceImplicitRhs` with a stiffly accurate implicit
      method and using the trivial predictor. The differences are due to reusing
      the deduced implicit right-hand side (RHS) value in the initial nonlinear
      residual computation rather than evaluating the implicit RHS function. The

>       significance of the difference well depend on how well the deduced RHS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      significance of the difference will depend on how well the deduced RHS
```
